chore: add 13.15.1 app release changelog (#5965)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/app/references/changelog.mdx

- Fixed an issue where requests to the same resource in rapid succession may not have the appropriate static response intercept applied if there are multiple intercepts that apply for that resource. Addresses [#30375](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30375).

**Misc:**

- Cypress now consumes [geckodriver](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/testing/geckodriver/index.html) to help automate the Firefox browser instead of [marionette-client](https://github.com/cypress-io/marionette-client). Addresses [#30217](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30217).
- Cypress now consumes [webdriver](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/tree/main/packages/webdriver) to help automate the Firefox browser and [firefox-profile](https://github.com/saadtazi/firefox-profile-js) to create a firefox profile and convert it to Base64 to save user screen preferences via `xulstore.json`. Addresses [#30300](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30300) and [#30301](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30301).

> - Pass spec information to protocol's `beforeSpec` to improve troubleshooting when reporting on errors. Addressed in [#30316](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/30316).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Spec information is now passed to protocol's `beforeSpec` to improve troubleshooting when reporting on errors. Addressed in [#30316](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/30316).
```
